come on you're making it sound worse
than it was for date tip me $10 what are
you doing okay I want to be sexy again
so I'm trying to catch a cold
should be easy supposedly they're pretty
common ammonia okay you were right I'm
in love with Joey's girlfriend what are
you serious
what how is that possible you barely
know her I don't know I'd catch I can't
get her out of my head you know I mean
I'm a very bad person I'm very very bad
per I'm a horrible person
no you're not Chandler we still love you
channel
oh gosh maybe I think I'd caught your
cold you mean you stole it don't cover
your mouth when you do that we were just
talking about you really I told about
the time you got drunk and fell asleep
with your head in the toilet
[Music]
9900 ready or not here I come
all right let's go over the concept one
more time hey hey hey guys listen you
want to get some dinner with me and
Kathy tonight oh um you know what I
already ate
it's 4:30 here I had a big meal on
Monday you know I'm just gonna get me
straight through the week okay I see
what's going on here
you do yeah you don't like Kathy you got
me yeah you've been avoiding her ever
since we started going out look I made
an effort to like Janice now I think
it's your turn to make an effort to like
Kathy by coming out to dinner with us
right Yeah right huh and hey my treat
but that's only because you're not
eating anything right
[Music]
Oh God guys check it out you can see
that girl's underwear is she great or
what huh what do you think she's not
really my type
not your type she's gorgeous you know I
think it is I think it's the fishnet
stockings you know whenever I see a girl
in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my
father and fishnet stockings okay
understanding a little more of why
you're single
friend you like she's really pretty
and then we could double-date I know no
thanks okay I got some ugly friends and
they're all available too
what was that what Kathy is being really
nice and you just walked away I thought
we had a deal what do you want from me I
want you to like her but if that's too
damn difficult for you then the least
you could do is pretend I am pretending
well then do it better okay what do you
say I go over there tell her how much I
like her no no be good I can tell her
how much I've been thinking about but I
haven't stopped thinking about her since
the moment we met that I'm so
fantastically over-the-top want to slit
my own throat in love with her but for
every minute of every hour of every day
I can't believe my own damn bad luck do
you matter first well that's pretty good
I'm not gonna tone it down a little
[Music]
[Laughter]
now we're not exactly gonna be sleeping
in here but do you mind can I sleep on
your couch
[Music]